Update best practices docs (#1838)
graphql/graphql.github.io: src/pages/learn/schema-design.mdx

# Schema Design

<p className="learn-subtitle">Design and evolve a type system over time without versions</p>

## Versioning

> While there's nothing that prevents a GraphQL service from being versioned just like any other REST API, GraphQL takes a strong opinion on avoiding versioning by providing the tools for the continuous evolution of a GraphQL schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While there's nothing that prevents a GraphQL service from being versioned just like any other API, GraphQL takes a strong opinion on avoiding versioning by providing the tools for the continuous evolution of a GraphQL schema.
```

Why do most APIs version? When there's limited control over the data that's returned from an API endpoint, _any change_ can be considered a breaking change, and breaking changes require a new version. If adding new features to an API requires a new version, then a tradeoff emerges between releasing often and having many incremental versions versus the understandability and maintainability of the API.

> In contrast, GraphQL only returns the data that's explicitly requested, so new capabilities can be added via new types and new fields on those types without creating a breaking change. This has led to a common practice of always avoiding breaking changes and serving a versionless API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, GraphQL only returns the data that's explicitly requested, so new capabilities can be added via new types or new fields on existing types without creating a breaking change. This has led to a common practice of always avoiding breaking changes and serving a versionless API.
```
